Flesh out 'Deploy', sidequest to update 'Get Started' (#540)
elastic/docs-content: get-started/versioning-availability.md

Each number represents a specific level of change:

- **Major (X)**: Indicates significant changes, such as new features, breaking changes, and major enhancements. Upgrading to a new major version may require changes to your existing setup and configurations.
- **Minor (Y)**: Introduces new features and improvements, while maintaining backward compatibility with the previous minor versions within the same major version. Upgrading to a new minor version should not require any changes to your existing setup.
- **Patch (Z)**: Contains bug fixes and security updates, without introducing new features or breaking changes. Upgrading to a new patch version should be seamless and not require any changes to your existing setup.

It's important to understand this versioning system, for compatibility and [upgrade](/deploy-manage/upgrade.md) planning.

## Availability of features

Elastic products and features have different availability states across deployment types:

- **Generally Available**: Feature is production-ready (default if not specified)

> - **Beta**: Feature is complete but may have limitations
> - **Preview**: Feature is in early development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Beta**: Feature is nearing general availability but is not yet ready for production usage
- **Technical preview**: Feature is in early development
```
I'd rather put the cursor on production readiness as well for Beta rather than on completion/limitations (GA features can have limitations, completion is subjective)

Author: 💯
